docs: add a section on getting the client working with celery (#210)
Unleash/unleash-client-python: docs/celery.rst

****************************************
Running with Celery
****************************************

> The client is also compatible with Celery, however, the initialize_client method needs to be called in the worker_process_init event, otherwise toggles will not update correctly when changes on the server.

Reviewer: Nice, but maybe we could rephrase it to something like this?

```suggestion
To use this client with Celery, call the `initialize_client` method in the `worker_process_init` event. If you don't initialize the client inside the `worker_process_init` event, toggles will not update correctly when changes occur on the server.
```

What does "update correctly" mean here? Will they not update at all or just at weird times?

Author: Oh that's much better, thanks for the suggestion. Not "update correctly" should probably be "not update at all" 

What about this (just removing the "correctly"):

To use this client with Celery, call the `initialize_client` method in the `worker_process_init` event. If you don't initialize the client inside the `worker_process_init` event, toggles will not update when changes occur on the server.

Reviewer: Yeah, that's great! Might even wanna **bold** or _italicize_ the "not" in "will not update". But maybe it can be reworded a bit. Something like:

> If you don't initialize the client inside the `worker_process_init` event, the client will not poll for updates. As such, the client will not update its feature toggles even when changes are made server side.
